object: remove default value us-east-1 as region from s3 client (#9754)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-object-bucket-claim.md

  labels:
    aws-s3/object [1]
provisioner: rook-ceph.ceph.rook.io/bucket [2]
parameters:
  objectStoreName: my-store
  objectStoreNamespace: rook-ceph
  region: us-west-1 [3]
  bucketName: ceph-bucket [4]
reclaimPolicy: Delete [5]
```
1. `label`(optional) here associates this `StorageClass` to a specific provisioner.
1. `provisioner` responsible for handling `OBCs` referencing this `StorageClass`.

> 1. `region`(optional) defines the region in which the bucket should be created. For RGW, this maps to [zonegroup](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/multisite/#zone-groups) of the server. If user does not define `region`, Rook will fill this value accordingly. Please check example at the end of the doc.

Reviewer: Shall we mention the default here? Otherwise, I'm not sure what it means for Rook to "fill this value".
```suggestion
1. `region`(optional) defines the region in which the bucket should be created. For RGW, this maps to [zonegroup](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/multisite/#zone-groups) of the server. If user does not define `region`, the default is `us-east-1`. Please check example at the end of the doc.
```

Author: @travisn : I don't what I missed earlier if the user does not define the region, Rook will fill it from `Zonegroup` from `ceph object store context` and don't use `us-east-1` at all(at least that was my first intention of PR).

`us-east-1` is not the default value from RGW(at least not in RGW code base). It is a value that always works mysteriously. Maybe because a lot of s3 clients use this as default for `region`, but again not defined as default by RGW

Reviewer: Ok, does that mean rook can just take care of this internally? Why do we need to expose the `region` setting at all?

Author: @travisn : The `region` defined in `storage class` of libbucket provisioner. Not sure whether Rook can hide it from user, maybe we can ignore the value. But this was available earlier release not sure whether it right to remove the variable. AFAIR I have sent https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/8766 as per request from the user, he wants to set the custom region for his use case.

> 1. `region`(optional) defines the region in which the bucket should be created. For RGW, this maps to [zonegroup](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/multisite/#zone-groups) of the server. If user does not define `region`, Rook will fill this value accordingly. Please check example at the end of the doc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. `region`(optional) defines the region in which the bucket should be created. For RGW, this maps to the [zone group](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/multisite/#zone-groups) of the server. If user does not define `region`, Rook will fill this value accordingly. Please check example at the end of the doc.
```

> 1. `region`(optional) defines the region in which the bucket should be created. For RGW, this maps to [zonegroup](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/multisite/#zone-groups) of the server. If user does not define `region`, Rook will fill this value accordingly. Please check example at the end of the doc.

Reviewer 2: This is still not very clear. What is the region set to if the user doesn't define it? "Accordingly" isn't clear enough.

Author: @BlaineEXE : earlier version was `Rook Operato fill this value from object store context internally`. But @travisn suggested it better not to give internal code details for the end-user. Hence changed like this. I can revert back the change

Reviewer 2: Even the text "fill this value from object store context internally" doesn't explain to the user what the value will be. In order for the user to understand when they need to modify the value, they must understand what the default value is. In words good for a user, what value will be the default?

This is also assuming that `region` is even a necessary parameter to have still.

Author: Okay will update it again next push

> 1. `region`(optional) defines the region in which the bucket should be created. For RGW, this maps to [zonegroup](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/multisite/#zone-groups) of the server. If user does not define `region`, Rook will fill this value accordingly. Please check example at the end of the doc.

Reviewer 2: Please add a link to the example in the doc for users.

1. `bucketName` is required for access to existing buckets but is omitted when provisioning new buckets.
Unlike greenfield provisioning, the brownfield bucket name appears in the `StorageClass`, not the `OBC`.
1. rook-ceph provisioner decides how to treat the `reclaimPolicy` when an `OBC` is deleted for the bucket. See explanation as [specified in Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#retain)
+ _Delete_ = physically delete the bucket.
+ _Retain_ = do not physically delete the bucket.

##### Example: Custom Region

> If user is providing the `region` value other than `us-east-1` then additional CRDs for zonegroup/zone/realm need to be created. For example, here user is providing `region` value as `us-west-1`. So make sure following [multisite related CRDs](ceph-object-multisite-crd.md) are defined as well. The Rook Operator will create required `zonegroup` for RGW server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify a `region` other than `us-east-1`, a custom zone group must be created that matches the desired region name. In the following example, the `region` is set to `us-west-1`. For more details, see the [related multisite CRDs](ceph-object-multisite-crd.md). 
```

> If user is providing the `region` value other than `us-east-1` then additional CRDs for zonegroup/zone/realm need to be created. For example, here user is providing `region` value as `us-west-1`. So make sure following [multisite related CRDs](ceph-object-multisite-crd.md) are defined as well. The Rook Operator will create required `zonegroup` for RGW server.

Reviewer 2: Do users need to create all of the resources, or only zone group?

Author: If I understand correctly `zonegroup` is not an independent resource. Rooks mandates to have `realm` for `zonegroup` and in RGW does not make sense to have `zonegroup` without `zones` (zonegroup is collection of zones and zone is collection of RGW servers in short)

parameters:
  objectStoreName: my-store
  objectStoreNamespace: rook-ceph
  region: us-west-1 [3]
  bucketName: ceph-bucket [4]
reclaimPolicy: Delete [5]
```
1. `label`(optional) here associates this `StorageClass` to a specific provisioner.
1. `provisioner` responsible for handling `OBCs` referencing this `StorageClass`.
1. `region`(optional) defines the region in which the bucket should be created. For RGW, this maps to [zonegroup](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/multisite/#zone-groups) of the server. If user does not define `region`, Rook will fill this value accordingly. For examples please check at the end of the doc.
1. `bucketName` is required for access to existing buckets but is omitted when provisioning new buckets.
Unlike greenfield provisioning, the brownfield bucket name appears in the `StorageClass`, not the `OBC`.
1. rook-ceph provisioner decides how to treat the `reclaimPolicy` when an `OBC` is deleted for the bucket. See explanation as [specified in Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#retain)
+ _Delete_ = physically delete the bucket.
+ _Retain_ = do not physically delete the bucket.

> ##### Storage Class for simple local object store

Reviewer: How about this title? Also it would help to describe the example briefly and explain what the default zone will be. "my-store" in this case?
```suggestion
##### Example: Default region
```

```yaml
apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
kind: StorageClass
metadata:
   name: rook-ceph-delete-bucket
provisioner: rook-ceph.ceph.rook.io/bucket
reclaimPolicy: Delete
parameters:
   objectStoreName: my-store
   objectStoreNamespace: rook-ceph
```

> ##### CRDs for Storage Class, if region defined

Reviewer: A brief description of the example would also help here. You might also consider cutting out sections of the yaml that is not needed for the example, just to show the properties that must be set for a custom region.
```suggestion
##### Example: Custom region
```

Author: @travisn : I am not sure what part can be cut off, for the region, a `Zonegroup` need to define. In the RGW use cases most like to have zone and zone group coexists. Rook mandates realm as part of `ZoneGroup` CRD. So in short with the current implementation users need to define all three.

parameters:
  objectStoreName: my-store
  objectStoreNamespace: rook-ceph
  region: us-west-1 [3]
  bucketName: ceph-bucket [4]
reclaimPolicy: Delete [5]
```
1. `label`(optional) here associates this `StorageClass` to a specific provisioner.
1. `provisioner` responsible for handling `OBCs` referencing this `StorageClass`.
1. `region`(optional) defines the region in which the bucket should be created. For RGW, this maps to [zonegroup](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/multisite/#zone-groups) of the server. If user does not define `region`, Rook will fill this value accordingly. For examples please check at the end of the doc.
1. `bucketName` is required for access to existing buckets but is omitted when provisioning new buckets.
Unlike greenfield provisioning, the brownfield bucket name appears in the `StorageClass`, not the `OBC`.
1. rook-ceph provisioner decides how to treat the `reclaimPolicy` when an `OBC` is deleted for the bucket. See explanation as [specified in Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#retain)
+ _Delete_ = physically delete the bucket.
+ _Retain_ = do not physically delete the bucket.

##### Example: Default region

> In the below example `region` is not defined, so Rook Operator will fetch `zonegroup` from the `RGW` server and fill this out.

Reviewer: Can you add what the region is in this example? my-store?
```suggestion
In the below example `region` is not defined, so Rook Operator will default to the name of the `zonegroup`, which is the same as the object store name `my-store`. 
```

Author: @travisn: This is not completely correct, zonegroup in object context can have the following values.
1.) normal simple cluster -> name of the object-store
2.) external cluster -> `default` 
3.) if multisite configure then it will be value created by the user
Please check `getMultisiteForObjectStore()` for more details. In any of the cases, if the user does not define region value, the Rook operator will fetch the value from `object Store Context` and set it accordingly. Please note if the user provides custom `region` then he configure multisite settings but if RGW configured with multisite it does not mean user need to provide the `region` value

Reviewer: > @travisn: This is not completely correct, zonegroup in object context can have the following values. 
> 1.) normal simple cluster -> name of the object-store 

Ok, this is what I expect this first example to be... the local simple cluster. 

> 2.) external cluster -> `default` 

Perhaps we need an external cluster example that points out it could be anything, depending on the external cluster config.

> 3.) if multisite configure then it will be value created by the user 
> Please check `getMultisiteForObjectStore()` for more details. In any of the cases, if the user does not define region value, the Rook operator will fetch the value from `object Store Context` and set it accordingly. Please note if the user provides custom `region` then he configure multisite settings but if RGW configured with multisite it does not mean user need to provide the `region` value

This case I thought was the second example below. If it's not just the zonegroup name, then it's very confusing to me. We need to figure out how to simplify the explanation in the docs, we can't ask the users to look at the code.

Reviewer: Could we rewrite the new documentation for `region` and the examples to be very clear on these two points? I'm still not clear on these:
1. us-east-1 will always work for their region 
2. They can use a different region by following the docs in this PR, but it is totally optional

Author: > Could we rewrite the new documentation for `region` and the examples to be very clear on these two points? I'm still not clear on these:
> 
>     1. us-east-1 will always work for their region
> 
@travisn I have mentioned it in [second example](https://github.com/rook/rook/pull/9754/files#diff-fb33f0fa41ca6346e7562087d2da05cc32fb65ea2587b23bf36b866a9a609720R137) and thought of keeping the first example leaving the `region` value. So is it better to modify the first one to include `us-east-1` than leaving out the `region` value?

>     2. They can use a different region by following the docs in this PR, but it is totally optional

Reviewer: Maybe we can just remove the first example. It seems sufficient that the second example mentions the default is `us-east-1`, and if they want to change the region, this is how they do it.

Author: @travisn: Thanks. I have updated the PR accordingly

```yaml
apiVersion: storage.k8s.io/v1
kind: StorageClass
metadata:
   name: rook-ceph-delete-bucket
provisioner: rook-ceph.ceph.rook.io/bucket
reclaimPolicy: Delete
parameters:
   objectStoreName: my-store
   objectStoreNamespace: rook-ceph
```

##### Example: Custom Region

> Here user is providing a custom value for the `region`. So make sure following [multisite related CRDs](ceph-object-multisite-crd.md) are defined as well. The Rook Operator will create required `zonegroup` for RGW server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here user is providing a custom value `us-west-1` for the `region`. So make sure following [multisite related CRDs](ceph-object-multisite-crd.md) are defined as well. The Rook Operator will create required `zonegroup` for RGW server.
```

parameters: [3]
  objectStoreName: my-store
  objectStoreNamespace: rook-ceph
  region: us-west-1
  bucketName: ceph-bucket [4]
reclaimPolicy: Delete [5]
  region: us-west-1 [4]
  bucketName: ceph-bucket [5]
reclaimPolicy: Delete [6]
```
1. `label`(optional) here associates this `StorageClass` to a specific provisioner.
1. `provisioner` responsible for handling `OBCs` referencing this `StorageClass`.

> 1. **all** `parameter` required.

Reviewer: If this line is removed, the numbering is off. I agree this bullet didn't add value, so you just need to decrement the references for 4, 5, and 6 above.

> 1. `region`(optional) defines the region in which the bucket should be created. For RGW, this maps to `zonegroup` of the server. If user does not define `region`, Rook will fill this from in-memory `objectStoreContext` for the `ceph object store` and by default this value is the name of `ceph object store` for the internal cluster. If region is specified by the user and if it is different from default value, then create [CephObjectZoneGroup](ceph-object-multisite-crd.md#object-zone-group-settings) for the `ceph object store`. Please refer to [Ceph's documentation](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/multisite/#zone-groups) for more details.

Reviewer: Can we shorten this description? There is a lot of detail the user doesn't need to know, such as "in-memory objectStoreContext". All they need to know is if they want to set a region name, what should their settings be in the CRs? I'm not even clear on how to do it. We might need two separate examples for 1) the simple local object store and 2) the multisite.
